the show is starting the second nor
differentiated way
It was crazy on the trinity street but a
clock to be left on
you will see the pressure only the most sticker
a power coming there to draw
to this insane galley sim code of
Quickly track heavy lugging on
almost half a kilo partners and in
pressure will have to work out in order to
keep the store safe in there
trinity for our healthy partner in
watches
Let's see what 's waiting for us
because it's not for me and for you or
Mocha for you there, the standard box
here the healthy style of seraph is show
of ball all there the detailed gold here
way to score a panaca is good because
interesting to see the machine that left
focus right here because
I know it will show the city
Czech as well because we are to be for
It is being a duty prayed boy to UN
do you want tea
If you connect to this machine, my
slutty with me
What a chance I came up with is this.
show me out here as
plastic bubble protection but I'm already
coming back with him to stay my blog
This watch is crazy, your chance on
light joke that I will give away
because you deserve
every time nixon 5130 praised brazil
exact pay look beautiful to cace her
had seen his video but could not find
that he was so handsome in person
Coach connects and my game detail says
that you're going to take away, it's just not for you
give you reflex and you from japan
nixon top too up to date here too
It's just that it's here so much in the vein in the
tip that is in the front ratchet turns
brat brat wonderful clock
heavy damn
You want to stop there, the buttons
They are reversed the left side of the
new thing activation
connects to this possible in logan looks at the
size of the differentiated
marking what nixon did not close
symbol of the brand that also that in
sanity
I'll try to open the team showed better
for you
in the part in the angle the clock for being there
closing of all national citizen
nixon model 51 so much chrome movement
Japanese are not allowed, so the crowd is
waterproof but will not dive
as the end with it there are no ways ne
then we will see the operation of this
beauty to the employee has that I think
here is a kid in the two of you
from the down side and discipline because
threaded it gets caught
so you can not and can not leave
if I were raised not because I feel the water
was already under warranty did not squeeze began
turn the giant pointer here seconds
that has started to run that of the yoki
12 hours is the second on the clock, right?
the one from the left here from 9 am to 8 pm
hours
here is the 24 hours and this one is here
the minutes of the plan and the date is
here to folks for wonderful relica
Screw very beautiful symbol of the
mark here on the show button too ball
arriving there like these questions until
handsome beauty but how do you
participate in that word
to follow his footsteps is in a
Description enjoy the val page on
Facebook
vf watches the page of acre
differentiated on facebook to subscribe to
channel here on youtube and follow the page
of vf watches on instagram
there you have to follow there in instagram too
as well as to share in the facebook
photo of the draw
in public mode obviously beauty the date
the draw will be in June, I will not
I know the right day but this I'm going to put
in the video description the correct day is
That's it, then, how to stop here reset
ball show
I'm going back here, what's
oh no, it does not work anymore
people here and see the pointer the 1st
The little lady is already stirring the date there.
You called 1920 gave me another pull.
set the time while you tinker
this one is to fiddle also referring to the
24 hours a day
show ball or squeezed them that daemon is
ball show is this so the guys in sã
the one more top watch is not moral change there
because he deserves it here
Well, I 'll have to get a way
then look beautiful and more for being almost
that I was left with a draw for
you, but that's it, so just follow the
steps a hug beauty here is
differentiated